Requirement mgmt refactoring (#326)
RedisGears/RedisGears: docs/commands.md

| [`RG.INFOCLUSTER`](#rginfocluster) | Returns cluster information |
| [`RG.PYEXECUTE`](#rgpyexecute) | Executes a Python function |
| [`RG.PYSTATS`](#rgpystats) | Returns memory usage statistics |

> | [`RG.PYDUMPREQS`](#rgpystats) | Returns all the requirements (with information about each requirement) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`RG.PYDUMPREQS`](#rgpystats) | Returns detailed information about requirements |
```

6) (integer) 5745816
```

## RG.PYDUMPREQS
The **RG.PYDUMPREQS** command returns a list of all the python requirements available (with information about each requirement).

**Redis API**

```
RG.PYDUMPREQS
```

_Return_

An array that consists of alternating key name and value entries as follows:

> * **GearReqVersion**: an internal version of the requirement given by redis gears (do not confuse between this and the requirement python version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **GearReqVersion**: an internally-assigned version of the requirement (note: this isn't the package's version)
```

> * **Name**: the name of the requirement as it was given to the REQUIREMENTS argument on [RG.PYEXECUTE](commands.md#rgpyexecute) command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Name**: the name of the requirement as it was given to the `REQUIREMENTS` argument of the  [RG.PYEXECUTE](commands.md#rgpyexecute) command
```

> * **IsDownloaded**: true if the requirement wheels was successfully download otherwise false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **IsDownloaded**: `#!python True` if the requirement's wheels were successfully downloaded, `#!python False` otherwise
```

Author: Its not python True, just the text 'true', maybe I should change it to yes/no?

Reviewer: Oh, right.

For RESP2 I'd stick with yes/no or 1/0. RESP3 has a Boolean type so that's a no-brainer.

> * **IsInstalled**: true if the requirement wheels was successfully installed otherwise false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **IsInstalled**: `#!python True` if the requirement's wheels were successfully installed, `#!python False` otherwise
```

Author: Same comment as above

Reviewer: Agreed.
